Bring disparity b/w the form validation lesson in Intermediate HTML/CSS and the form lesson in JavaScript course (#23387)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/js-in-the-real-world/forms.md

### Introduction

> Forms are a crucial part of most websites. Almost every major site has sign-up forms, contact forms, search forms and more!  Luckily HTML5 and JavaScript have some handy built-in methods. You've already learned about validation with HTMl and styling validations with CSS in a previous lesson: [Form Validations in the Intermediate HTML/CSS course](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/intermediate-html-and-css/lessons/form-validation).

Reviewer: Slight verbiage tweak:

```suggestion
Forms are a crucial part of most websites. Almost every major site has sign-up forms, contact forms, search forms and more!  Luckily HTML5 and JavaScript have some handy built-in methods. You've already learned about validation with HTML and styling validations with CSS in our [Form Validations](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/intermediate-html-and-css/lessons/form-validation) lesson in the Intermediate HTML and CSS course.
```

In this lesson, we'll cover the Constraint Validation API: a way to validate forms on the frontend with JavaScript.

- [This tutorial on Form Validation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Forms/Form_validation) covers pretty much everything you need to know about HTML form validation. It starts off with HTML attributes, but keep on reading the doc covers the Constraint Validation API.

> - It'll also prove beneficial to go through the [Constraint Validation docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Constraint_validation).

Reviewer: These links should not be in the introduction since they come off more as required reading. They should instead be in an Assignment section.

For the Form Validation link, I would just link to where the [Validating forms using JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Form_validation#validating_forms_using_javascript) section begins.

A link that was removed from the HTML/CSS lesson on form validation I think could fit into an assignment section here, too. It was *meant* to be a Youtube video on JS form validation, but for some reason linked to a React based video. What do you think about adding [Web Dev Simplified's JavaScript Form Validation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=In0nB0ABaUk) video as an assignment item?

Author: > For the Form Validation link, I would just link to where the Validating forms using JavaScript section begins.

Done

> What do you think about adding Web Dev Simplified's JavaScript Form Validation video as an assignment item?

I just watched the video. It's a nice resource on form validation and deserves to be on the curriculum. Though, it doesn't cover anything _new_, which has me hesitant on adding it as an assignment. I'd rather have it as an additional resource.

I'll leave the final call to you

Reviewer: If the video doesn't add anything new, I don't think we *need* it as an assignment or additional resource. I'll say we can exclude it for now.

### Introduction

Forms are a crucial part of most websites. Almost every major site has sign-up forms, contact forms, search forms and more!  Luckily HTML5 and JavaScript have some handy built-in methods. You've already learned about validation with HTML and styling validations with CSS in our [Form Validations](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/intermediate-html-and-css/lessons/form-validation) lesson in the Intermediate HTML and CSS course.

In this lesson, we'll cover the Constraint Validation API: a way to validate forms on the frontend with JavaScript.

### Learning Outcomes
By the end of this lesson, you should be able to do the following:

- Understand the importance of validation in HTML forms.
- Understand Constraint Validation API for more control over form validation.
- Add validation using only JavaScript.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

> 1. [This tutorial on Form Validation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Form_validation#validating_forms_using_javascript) covers pretty much everything you need to know about HTML form validation. It starts off with HTML attributes, but keep on reading the doc covers the Constraint Validation API. 

Reviewer: Believe just one last request. We should remove mention of HTML form validation here. Maybe something along the lines of:

```suggestion
1. [This tutorial on Form Validation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Form_validation#validating_forms_using_javascript) covers how we can use JavaScript to validate forms, including the constraint validation API.
```

Build a browser form which collects Email, Country, Zip Code, Password and Password Confirmation fields.  It should use live inline validation to inform the user whether a field is properly filled in or not.  That means highlighting a field red and providing a helpful error message until it has been filled in properly.

The form doesn't need to actually submit, but you should give an error message if the button is pushed with any active errors or unfilled required fields. For the sake of this lesson, make sure **all** of the validation occurs in the JavaScript file. If all is well and the form is "submitted", give the user a high five.

1. Set up a blank HTML document
2. Think about how you would set up the different form elements and their accompanying validators.  What objects and functions will you need? A few minutes of thought can save you from wasting an hour of coding.  The best thing you can do is whiteboard the entire solution before even touching the computer.

> 3. Write the simple form elements. Don't worry about styling them.

Reviewer: Now that we have some HTML/CSS lessons before this JS lesson, I think this instruction is now out of date and users *should* worry about styling, esepcially since they would have learned about some validation styling by this point (or if they haven't gone back, adding a suggestion that they should complete the HTML/CSS Form Validation lesson first would be good).

Author: I've added a new instruction for styling
